[scheduler][docs] Standardize Scheduler docs style and formatting (#22161)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/scheduler/recurring-events/recurring-events.md

:::

:::info

> **Standards compliance**: This scheduler follows the iCalendar **RRULE** standard from **RFC 5545**.

Author: ```suggestion
**Standards compliance**: This scheduler follows the iCalendar RRULE standard from RFC 5545.
```

> We do not support every rule or combination yet.

Author: ```suggestion
It does not support every rule or combination yet.
```

> If you want more information about a specific rule, see **[RFC 5545 §3.3.10 Recurrence Rule](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10)**.

Author: ```suggestion
For more information about specific rules, see [RFC 5545 §3.3.10 Recurrence Rule](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc5545#section-3.3.10).
```
